Don't configure JsonOptions by default (#16837)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/2.1.0.md

Release date: Not yet released

Here's the updated version to include the reference to `IEntity` implementations:

## Change Log

### Behavioral Changes

#### `JsonOptions` Configuration

A key change in version 2.0 is the shift from **Newtonsoft.Json** to **System.Text.Json**. Previously, we configured the default `JsonOptions` to match the settings used for document serialization. In this release, however, we’ve reverted that approach, and the `JsonOptions` are no longer configured by default. This change provides greater flexibility, allowing you to customize JSON serialization as needed.

> If your MinimalAPI returns YesSql documents, entities (implementations of `IEntity`) or content (implementations of `IContent`), such as `ContentItem`, `User`, `Query`, or `Notification`, you may need to use `DocumentJsonSerializerOptions` for proper serialization. For example, when using Minimal API, instead of returning the result with `TypedResults.Ok(entity)`, you should use `Results.Json(entity, options.Value.SerializerOptions)`, resolving `IOptions<DocumentJsonSerializerOptions>` from the IoC container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Minimal API returns YesSql documents, entities (implementations of `IEntity`) or content (implementations of `IContent`), such as `ContentItem`, `User`, `Query`, or `Notification`, you may need to use `DocumentJsonSerializerOptions` for proper serialization. For example, when using Minimal API, instead of returning the result with `TypedResults.Ok(entity)`, you should use `Results.Json(entity, options.Value.SerializerOptions)`, resolving `IOptions<DocumentJsonSerializerOptions>` from the IoC container.
```

> For scenarios using `ApiController` to return YesSql documents or entities, we’ve introduced a new output formatters, `DocumentSystemTextJsonOutputFormatter` and `ContentSystemTextJsonOutputFormatter`, to automatically handle document serialization to JSON correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For scenarios using `ApiController` to return YesSql documents or entities, we’ve introduced new output formatters, `DocumentSystemTextJsonOutputFormatter` and `ContentSystemTextJsonOutputFormatter`, to automatically handle document serialization to JSON correctly.

These changes are non-breaking and you shouldn't need to change working 2.0.x code.
```
